Add support for reserved footer area (#1137)
bdlukaa/fluent_ui: CHANGELOG.md

## [next]

- fix: Add missing properties (`closeIconSize`, `closeButtonStyle`) in `debugFillProperties` and `InfoBarThemeData.merge` ([#1128](https://github.com/bdlukaa/fluent_ui/issues/1128)

> - Added `reservedStripWidth` to `TabView` to ensure minimum drag area between tabs and footer, 
>   critical for window manipulation when used in title bar scenarios ([@1106](https://github.com/bdlukaa/fluent_ui/issues/1106))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat: Add `TabView.reservedStripWidth`, which adds a minimum empty area between the tabs and the tab view footer ([#1106](https://github.com/bdlukaa/fluent_ui/issues/1106))
```
